[Pages] Clarify static asset request pricing in pricing.md (#7589)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/functions/pricing.md

## Paid Plans

Requests to your Pages functions count towards your quota for Workers Paid plans, including requests from your Function to KV or Durable Object bindings.

Pages supports both Bundled and Unbound Usage Models. When an account is first upgraded to a Paid Plan, Unbound is the default Usage Model. This default applies only to new projects created after upgrading your plan; existing projects created under the Free Plan will continue to use the Bundled Usage Model. To change the default Usage Model, go to Account Home > Pages and select Change next to the Default Usage Model in the top right of the page.

You can update the Usage Model per project, for both Production and Preview deployments, in the Project Settings page. Like other modifications to your Project Settings, you must redeploy your site in order for this change to take effect. Requests to previous deployments will continue to be billed under the Usage Model the Function was deployed with.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

For Enterprise customers, please contact your Customer Success Manager for information on pricing.

{{</Aside>}}

> ### Static Asset Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Static asset requests
```

On both free and paid plans, requests to static assets are free and unlimited. A request is considered static when it does not invoke Functions. Refer to [Functions invocation routes](/pages/platform/functions/routing/#functions-invocation-routes) to learn more about when Functions are invoked.

## Free Plan

> Requests to your Pages functions count towards your quota for the Workers Free plan. For example, you could use 50,000 Functions requests and 50,000 Workers requests to use your full 100,000 daily request usage. Free plan daily request counts reset at midnight UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests to your Pages Functions count towards your quota for the Workers Free plan. For example, you could use 50,000 Functions requests and 50,000 Workers requests to use your full 100,000 daily request usage. The free plan daily request limit resets at midnight UTC.
```
